Make token keys per-origin (#53)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-private-access-tokens.md

It is assumed that Issuers make Oblivious HTTP configurations and policy verification
keys available via the following API endpoints:

- Issuer name public key (ISSUER_NAME_KEY): /.well-known/issuer-key
- Access token policy window (ISSUER_POLICY_WINDOW): /.well-known/access-token-window

The access token policy verification key is a struct of the following format:

~~~
struct {
   opaque public_key[Nk]; // Defined in [OHTTP]
} IssuerNameKey;

> ~~~

Reviewer: We can probably just delete this struct now and use `KeyConfig` directly.

Author: @chris-wood updated, please check!

~~~
struct {
    uint8_t version;
    uint8_t name_key_id[32];

>     uint8_t encrypted_origin_name[Nk];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    uint8_t encrypted_origin_name<1..2^16-1>;
```
This will probably be variable length.

- "version" is a 1-octet integer, which matches the version in the TokenChallenge.
This document defines version 1.

- "name_key_id" is a collision-resistant hash that identifies the ISSUER_NAME_KEY public

> key, generated as SHA256(public_key), where public_key is a DER-encoded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
key, generated as SHA256(KeyConfig).
```
(And then deleting following line)

- The "Anonymous-Origin-ID" header is present
- The "Token-Origin" header is present, and can be decrypted using the Issuer's private key
(the private key associated with ISSUER_NAME_KEY).
- The AccessTokenRequest contains a supported version

> - For version 1, the AccessTokenRequest.name_key_id matches the ISSUER_NAME_KEY held by the Issuer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For version 1, the AccessTokenRequest.name_key_id corresponds to the ID of the ISSUER_NAME_KEY held by the Issuer
```

window. If the Issuer refuses to issue more tokens, it responds with an HTTP 429 (Too Many Requests)
error to the Mediator, which will forward the error to the client.

The Issuer determines the correct ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY by using the decrypted ORIGIN_NAME value. Issuers
are expected to be able to deterministically select the correct key based on information sent in

> the request. Clients do not send a specific key_id, to prevent Origins from choosing per-client keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the request. Clients do not indicate the ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY to use, to prevent Origins from choosing per-client keys.
```
